analytics: support multiple tracking IDs, document UA -> GA4 switch (#1029)
just-the-docs/just-the-docs: docs/configuration.md

## Google Analytics

{: .warning }
> [Google Analytics 4 will replace Universal Analytics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528). On **July 1, 2023**, standard Universal Analytics properties will stop processing new hits. The earlier you migrate, the more historical data and insights you will have in Google Analytics 4.

Universal Analytics (UA) and Google Analytics 4 (GA4) properties are supported.

```yaml
# Google Analytics Tracking (optional)
# Supports a CSV of tracking ID strings (eg. "UA-1234567-89,G-1AB234CDE5")
ga_tracking: UA-2709176-10
ga_tracking_anonymize_ip: true # Use GDPR compliant Google Analytics settings (true/nil by default)
```

> You can also track multiple tracking IDs. This helps seamlessly transition your UA property to a GA4 property by tracking to both for a while.

Reviewer: Minor nit:

```suggestion
This theme supports multiple comma-separated tracking IDs. This helps seamlessly transition UA properties to GA4 properties by tracking both for a while.
```

Author: Oh, this is way better @mattxwang ~ Not a nitpick at all! I'll commit this as well.

## Google Analytics

{: .warning }
> [Google Analytics 4 will replace Universal Analytics](https://support.google.com/analytics/answer/11583528). On **July 1, 2023**, standard Universal Analytics properties will stop processing new hits. The earlier you migrate, the more historical data and insights you will have in Google Analytics 4.

Universal Analytics (UA) and Google Analytics 4 (GA4) properties are supported.

```yaml
# Google Analytics Tracking (optional)
# Supports one tracking ID string (eg. UA-1234567-89 or G-1AB234CDE5) or a list of tracking ID strings
ga_tracking: UA-2709176-10
ga_tracking_anonymize_ip: true # Use GDPR compliant Google Analytics settings (true/nil by default)
```

You can also list multiple tracking IDs.

This helps seamlessly transition your UA property to a GA4 property by tracking to both for a while.

```yaml
ga_tracking:
  - UA-1234567-89
  - G-1AB234CDE5
```

Once you've acquired enough data in your GA4 property, you can then retire your UA property.

```yaml
ga_tracking: G-1AB234CDE5

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think this portion is necessary to include; it's implicit in how the functionality already works.
